Develop (#39)
DX-DeveloperExperience/git-webhooks: docs/post-actions/commentIssueRunnable.md

# Comment Issue Runnable

The `CommentIssueRunnable` Post-Action write a comment on a specific issue.

> > It should only get called as `callback` in the `IssueTitleRule`, or in custom rule that return similar `RuleResult`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> It should only get called as `callback` in the `IssueTitleRule`, or in s custom rule that return a similar `RuleResult` object.
```

## Usage

> This Post-Action only need a string message. It's a string that can contain _mustache_ templating.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Post-Action only needs a string message. This string can contain _mustache_ templating.
```
